The ladies allergic to roses, please take them away.
Hey, I'm Landon.
I'm Charlotte's best friend.
We've been friends since we were kids.
Best friend?
Why does this feel so off?
He doesn't know how to win her over.
I won't let fear keep me from Charlotte.
I am the only one who truly sees her.
What are you guys doing?
So, when did you get back?
As soon as I heard you were getting married.
So, who's this?
I'm Charlotte's husband.
I see that you have many close relationships
with many artists in the industry.
However, you should be aware that this job requires
a deep understanding of the arts itself.
Understandably so.
Last year, you provided market values for several
emerging artists that were significantly above the market rates.
I mean, those actions seem rather unreasonable, though.
According to the Art Basel EBS report,
the primary buyer's demographic has shifted
towards the Generation Z market,
which represents a completely new target audience
for the arts community.
You actually came to the interview.
Of course I did.
I realized that I really do need a job.
And fortunately for me, you get to be my boss.
Well, since you're such a keen understanding of art,
let me show you what my favorite place is.
Well, this is interesting.
This is the gallery that I personally invested in.
What's wrong?
You don't like it?
No, I love it.
Any pieces that interest you?
Well, last time I was here, I paid the deposit
for the David's painting.
Unfortunately.
David is definitely a very talented artist.
My boyfriend also adores his work.
You certainly have a wonderful taste.
Boyfriend.
Yes, we are both big fans.
Please, do follow me.
Mike, it seems Charlotte has her eye on this painting, too.
Whatever shall we do?
Apologies, ma'am.
This lady's already paid the deposit.
Is that so?
Strange.
Since she can hardly afford it.
Yes, I'm sorry.
My cousin simply lacks the funds.
I almost forgot that she married a homeless man.
No point going bankrupt over a painting.
Well then, how about a bathing war?
I'll start.
Two million.
Three million.
Ten million.
Can you and Charlotte even come up with that kind of money?
Mike, you can't let this joke win.
Charlotte, you realize that price is far beyond the actual value
of this painting.
This painting is worth every penny.
I apologize that you had to experience that.
We will still honor the original pricing.
Thank you so much.
Please, come with me.
Mike and I went to the gallery earlier today and saw Charlotte
and her trash husband.
Yeah, she's been causing a lot of trouble lately.
Dad, we have to do something about her.
I am thinking about it.
Okay.
Having a few drinks, I see.
I should be the one to inherit the Taurus group.
But everyone's so biased towards Charlotte.
If this continues our plans...
Don't worry, baby.
I've made some arrangements.
By the time we have the next Taurus group shareholders meeting,
Charlotte will be kicked off the board.
Oh, baby.
You're all I have.
I stayed it in my mother's will.
Today onward, I will be officially taking over the Taurus group company.
You have ruined the partnership with the Davis family.
And now you can qualify to run this company.
Look, Charlotte, there is still time for you to fix this, okay?
You can get rid of your husband, whatever.
And go apologize to Mike.
He will forgive you and he will marry you.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have just received something very interesting.
It seems that Mr. Davis is cheating on me with my own cousin.
How ironic.
That is a damn lie.
Anyways, my current marital affairs is a personal matter
and has nothing to do with the company.
I have drafted a new updated work plan, so everyone please take a look.
In more recent years, our revenue and reputation has naturally declined
as a result of practicing conservative development strategies.
Modern art requires us to take constant risks in creating new breakthroughs
and being more open to new concepts.
Charlotte, this plan is too reckless.
They will only take me one year to increase our group's profit by 30%.
If my plan doesn't work, I will voluntarily resign myself.
How can I help you?
Charlotte, you know very well
that with the company as it stands right now, we cannot support your plan.
It has been difficult enough this past year losing that partnership with Mike's family.
Don't worry about it, Uncle. I'm the CEO of this company now.
You are as arrogant and smug as your insufferable mother.
Are you going to get that divorce or not?
I love my husband dearly.
All right, then from this moment on, you have lost an uncle
and this family is completely cutting ties with you.
Good luck to you.
Happy birthday to you.
Charlotte, what happened? Are you all right?
I am good to send me and cut off every ties with me.
I have no family left.
That's not true. You still have me.
And this. Welcome home, Charlotte.
Hungry?
How did you get that video of Mike and Elle at the bar?
Oh, that. I am...
Well, I actually work there part-time and accidentally happens to record it.
You're working multiple jobs?
No. I was just a...
I just happened to be there to pick up my last paycheck.
I see. Look, you have a formal job now, so no need to work part-time.
Yes.
Is this the best your team can offer?
Please don't be upset, sir.
Allow me to explain the concept for this piece.
Oh, what I have an issue with is not the presentation.
What I have an issue with is the concept.
If your team cannot come up with something today that needs my expectations,
then I'm going to have to think my business elsewhere.
Hello, Charlie.
I couldn't help but over here.
I completely understand that you're a significant way to magnify the painting's concept
and to take the elite art scene by storm.
We are quite fortunate to exhibit this piece due to its innovative ways of
experienced cultural installations.
Well, breaking this facial relationship does sound intriguing.
Artists now have the opportunity to redefine the meaning and the concept of painting.
And we promise that your art gallery in Las Vegas will become a cultural and
monumental landmark.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
I don't have time to scout for a new artist.
I can join you and keep you company.
That's so sweet.
Well, the new discovery is having a party tonight.
Brother, your wife is right behind you.
And I have to secure a partnership with the white jewelry group.
We're too close to the tourist group company.
Let's go and meet at my home.
Maybe you can call me honey.
Shut up, 007.
What's wrong?
I thought I saw someone.
Must not begin to sleep.
Hurry up, baby!
You don't trust me!
Go from the art gallery.
What are you doing here?
Is your boyfriend my husband?
No, my boyfriend is a handsome hottie.
Definitely not him.
Okay, please tell me that this is a famous understanding.
These guys like my gay little brother.
Nothing more.
Nothing less.
Oh shit!
It's gotten really late and my poor boyfriend, he's still waiting on me.
I really have to go.
Good night, everyone.
Well, he is a cutie.
Have you ever had a crush on him?
I'll hope.
Henry.
I swear, he's like a brother to me.
By the way, we have a fancy party tonight.
I'm going to need you to dress up.
Your wish is my command.
So, tonight is a huge celebration for the music gallery.
We're going to be meeting very big artists.
I'm hoping to secure a partnership with the white jewelry group.
The white jewelry group?
Put your hand down.
What are you being so shy about?
Charlotte.
What a pleasant surprise to see you.
Do you also work with the white jewelry group?
Yes, in fact I do.
Used gallery is funded by the white jewelry group.
It happens to be one of the projects I'm in charge of.
Come say hello, what are you doing?
Um, if the white jewelry group needs any event planning,
the tourist group will be honored to collaborate.
Of course.
Let me introduce you to some of my partners from the white jewelry group.
Why was another informed of this celebration today?
I was going to tell you.
But you caught me off guard when you slapped my Bible.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know what to do, right?
I've already taken care of the arrangements.
Just go keep your wife company.
And Sydney, I want you to meet my assistant Jackson.
Assistant?
Yes, there is correct.
Assistant.
I am the current assistant of the president of the tourist group company.
Um, I remember when Jackson used to work at the Muse Gallery.
He's a very hardworking young man.
Well, I've heard that the white jewelry group is currently looking for new partners.
We would be honored to have an opportunity to show you guys what tourist group can offer.
That being said, I'm aware that the Davis group is vying for a partnership with the white jewelry group.
Of course, of course.
Partnership with the tourist group is a huge key project for us this year.
Oh, wait.
Yes.
As long as you're willing to agree to finalize, this partnership could move forward to the next phase.
Moreover, this project happens to be led by Henry himself.
Oh, well, then it's settled.
Can we sign a contract tomorrow?
Wow.
This is really fast.
Tomorrow.
Yes.
We'll sign the deal tomorrow.
Cheers to the newfound partnership.
Successful partnership.
Cheers.
It's been a while since I've drunk this much.
What's your secret?
My secret is that I've actually always loved you.
You're so drunk right now.
You don't know what you're saying.
Charlotte, I've always loved just you.
You two seriously think you can sign a deal with the white family?
Unfortunately for you, Mr. White and I happen to be very close friend.
What you're saying is that you're close friends with the president of the white jewelry group.
That's right.
Mr. Davis, please wait in the reception room.
Farewell, suckers.
I'm going to get my contract signed.
If you both please follow me.
Henry has been expecting the two of you.
Before I sign, why don't I first give you a tour over the company?
Sure.
Yeah.
Your coffee?
When will your boss see me?
He'll see you after you finish drinking your coffee.
So, you are the president of the white jewelry group?
I really prefer to keep a low profile.
I'm one who enjoys their privacy.
That's completely understandable.
Well, I wish us both a successful and fulfilling partnership.
Too successful and fulfilling partnership.
Did you end up having a meeting with your close friend, Mr. White?
Well, we are definitely going down the road.
Mr. White?
Well, we are definitely going to have a joint partnership soon.
We are only one signature away from a closed, done deal.
I suppose you two got rejected, which is why Charlotte's trying to run away so quick.
Well, I hope you enjoy waiting.
You just sealed a partnership with the white jewelry group.
Damn, you useless fool.
This cannot be happening.
Cheers.
Charlotte speaking?
Charlotte, don't you think?
The signing of contract changes anything.
You will not have your way.
Hello everyone.
I'd just like to announce that the Torah's group and the white jewelry group have formed
a wonderful partnership.
To commemorate this special event, we will be hosting a celebratory party this Friday evening.
Everyone is invited and all welcome to the tent.
Come with me.
But I haven't finished my work yet.
Back and wait.
Yes, come on.
When are you going to get divorced?
Why are you all about my business?
Mom, I'm all up in your business.
Because you don't seem to understand how much we struggle due to your negligent behavior
and how difficult it is going to be moving forward with any future projects with the Davis family.
We just secured a partnership with the white jewelry group.
I single-handedly fixed our company's problems and now we're planning his party to celebrate.
Shut up.
None of this would have happened if you weren't so stubborn in the first place.
Well, Mr. Torres, I'm going to have to ask you to step aside.
I have a meeting with the project leader of the white jewelry group and I can't keep him waiting.
I don't close your eyes.
Well, since tomorrow is the party over the Torres group and it's your first public appearance as the acting CEO,
I decided to give you a little something.
We're fake jewelry, dear cousin.
Everyone knows this was designed by the renowned international jewelry designer Fiona.
It's worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Yours can't be real.
Designer Fiona is the wife of one of the top shareholders of the Torres group.
She'll be making my parents tonight.
And how does that concern you?
Apparently, we're got out that you married homeless and causing our stock prices to fall.
This resulted in some very angry shareholders.
What a lovely young woman.
Oh my God, it's Fiona.
Grab your popcorn, everyone, the show's about to start.